I'm going to walk you through a
four-step process that I think puts
business on easy mode. And so whether
you're just getting started or you're
already making tons of money and are
just trying to make more, this process
just works. And I've done it in tons of
different portfolio companies and
companies we've advised. Um, and just to
give you a little bit of context, um, as
of last year, our portfolio at
acquisition.com did over $250 million in
aggregate revenue. And I say that not as
a promise that if you do this, you're
going to get that outcome, but that this
works. All right, so that being said,
let's dive in. Step number one, get the
ad. So, we have to fundamentally show
something to someone in order for them
to find out about our stuff, right? Can
we agree on that? If the answer to that
is yes, then the first step here is that
we're going to have some sort of
advertisement. Now, that ad might be
somebody reaching out. It's an
advertisement, literally letting people
know about stuff. It could be a paid ad,
so it could be an interruptionbased ad
that happens, you know, on any social
media platform. It could be a piece of
content like this that says, "Hey, you
know, go buy this thing." Now, between
all the different ways of getting
customers, paid ads versus content
versus outreach versus maybe the
exception being affiliates, paid ads is
the most, you know, the the fastest to
scale because one guy with buttons and
good creative could scale it to the
mood, right? And so, it's all about
skill when it comes to creating paid
ads. Now, I'm going to just use this as
our placeholder, but if you're trying to
get into paid ads, uh, then I'll give
you two little frameworks that have
worked really well for me. All right, so
number one, and this is a new one, which
is absolutely murdering it for us, is
what I'll call organic plus CTA. Very
complicated. All right, so what is
organic plus CTA? It's you have whatever
organic content you make. Some content
does better than others, provided you
make organic content relevant to the
stuff you sell, which by the way,
probably a good idea. Um, you make your
content and then you find the good ones.
And then all you do is you add a call to
action at the end that sends people to
your thing and we already know it works
because we've already tried it. And so
you get to have all these test shots on
goal that cost you nothing by simply
making the content. And then you just
let the algorithm tell you what people
already like and they engage with and
they share and they click, they get past
the hook and then you just say, "Oh, I'm
going to take this thing and I'm going
to turn into something that feeds my
business in a more scalable way because
I'm not going to rely on the platform to
just give it to people for free, which
is great. But I also can't really add a
longer call to action because it would
tank the effectiveness of the clip. But
if I put it in the beginning and then I
pay the platform, then they're happy to
display it because they were already
happy to display it for free. So why
wouldn't they want to display it in
exchange for money? And then we can add
our very simple call to action at the
end for some sort of thing which I'll
get to in a second. Now the second kind
of way of thinking about this like this
one's by far the easiest. If you can do
this do it. Now if you're like okay I
don't have enough organic or you know I
just need to you know quickly make ads
directly then this is the framework that
I would use. So I have hook plus meat
plus CTA. All right. So I'm going to
break down each of these really quickly.
So from a hook's perspective, what I do
is I still look at the best performing
organic and the best performing ads
across all industries. So this is one
where you don't need to stick to your
industry. You might find a hook that
works exceptionally well in finance and
it works really well for hotels too,
right? Provided it doesn't like actually
say finance in it. And so you'll see
that hooks just convert across way
different audiences because it just
draws attention. And so the first thing
I'll look at is hooks. And this is by
far the 80% of the ad. And you're like,
"Wait, but they're so short and they're
still the most important. So, we should
just be thankful. It's crazy. It's like
people have a hard time accepting that
something short could be more meaningful
than something long because it takes
more work. Like, would you prefer that
the thing that means the most is
actually really hard and long to do? No.
Right? Like the fact that hooks are
short is a gift from God for advertisers
that we can actually have the most
important thing not require a ton of
work. Now, if you want to be smart about
it, it should require work because
you're going to do that work in the
research or the pre-search before you
record this. So, for here, I would have
at least 50 plus hooks. Now, you're
like, 50 plus hooks? Yeah, you're
probably not making nearly enough ads.
And I don't care what your spend is.
Like, if you're spending $10,000 a
month, $100,000 a month, like, you can
never have too many
ads. I'll just say that. You can never
have too many ads. You just give the
algorithm more things to pick from to
find the winners. Now, the meat, I'm
going to give you a different framework
that I haven't talked about much lately.
And so, I'm going to break it down for
you right here. All right. This is
fourstep persuasion. And I just think
it's just so easy to understand. So this
is how I think this is my mental
framework, all right, for how I actually
make persuasive advertisements, copy,
pitches, whatever, right? Which is
you're going to get more good stuff if
you do the thing I want you to do.
You're going to get less bad stuff if
you do the thing I want you to do. And
if you don't do the thing that I want
you to do, you're going to get more bad
stuff. And you're going to get less good
stuff. That's it. Four different angles
that you can hit on any action I want
you to take. So, if you sign up for the
gym, you're going to feel better. I'm
making this obviously really simple.
You're gonna get more good feels. You're
have more energy. You're going to have
you're going to sleep better. All that
stuff's good. Now, what's the inverse of
that? You're not going to feel the brain
fog that you've been feeling. You're not
going to feel as lethargic. Um you're
not going to have your kids out playing
and feel like you can't play with them
and feel like a bad parent. We're going
to get rid of all that minus negative
thing. The only thing easier, you know,
than taking this small action today is
not taking that action. But the thing is
is that if you don't take that action,
then whatever brain fog you're feeling
right now, the current weight that you
put on the last 5 years, let's push it
out two or three years, how much more
weight are you going to be? Like if
you're if you're 50 pounds overweight
now, what are you going to feel like at
70 lbs overweight? It'd be it'd be way
worse, right? You don't want that. Also,
all those memories, when you think about
the happiest memories that you have with
your kids, with your family, like those
are going to decrease. You're going to
have fewer of those because you
physically can't do that. And so, the
only thing easier than not take than
taking action is not taking action at
all. And so if these are the things that
you want, you should do this thing
because that way we can avoid this
stuff. That's it. Very straightforward.
And this is what
constitutes our meat. Now I did a very
simplistic example. If I want to make
that more interesting, right? And if you
want to like how do you create unique
copy? This is a little advanced tip for
you. All right. So pro tip, break down
the terms. So what does it mean? So if I
say you're going to feel better, right?
That is not going to be compelling copy.
I can promise you that right now. But
what does feel better mean to somebody?
How would I know that feeling better had
occurred right in their life? And this
is where you have to this is where the
the research of like reading Amazon
reviews for products that are similar in
your space. Even if you sell services,
read the positive reviews in their
language of the things that they will
say of why of what happened. What were
the and the way I think about this here
it is this is it. This is the big word
that you need to double underline. Think
in moments. What is the moment that
someone think wow I feel better? What's
the moment? what occurred, what
happened, right? Maybe it's that they
were able, let's say if it's an elderly
population that were doing with this
weight loss thing, um they were able to
take the kid off the ground and pick him
up, right? And they have this moment
where after they had that little three,
four-minute exchange, they're like,
"Man, that was awesome. I couldn't do
that before because I was so weak and I
hadn't developed my my shoulder
strength. I didn't have the mobility to
do that." Like, wow, it's a moment. What
else would it be? Maybe it's um you
know, bending over to tie my shoe. I
felt like I was getting out of breath
because I had to like hold my hold my
gut in so I could lean over to tie my
shoes. That's gone now. Like what if
there was a world where you just put
both of them on and you could do it
while you're standing, right? That's
that's not out of reach. It's just a
couple steps away from where you're at
right now. Right? So if I say that I can
describe all the things that someone
might experience and then denote that
they feel better without saying you're
going to feel better. And so this
applies for each of these elements of
copy. And this is what makes copy
potent. It's the specificity because you
want someone to understand it within
their own context of like, man, I've had
that happen. And that's real. That's
what makes you copy. And if that little
copy tip was helpful for you, then I
have pages and pages of of things that
have helped me make uh good ads uh
inside of the run paid ads chapter uh in
page 129. So, I talk about um one, how
paid ads work obviously, but secondly,
where do you how do you write the copy?
So I break down all the anatomy of ads
in all of this. All these pages I'm
talking about all of this is how you can
make the ad. And so this is the level
one
framework. The level two that you put on
top of this is who and when this is the
what which again I also cover in the
book. So we could talk about the
prospect but we could also talk about
that prospect status with regards to
their spouse. Talk about with regards to
their kids, talk about with regards to
their frenemies, their rivals, their
competitors, right? What is what are all
these plus and minuses with regards to
that that rival dad across the street or
that rival business, right? What what do
all those look like? And then how do we
pace that for today? But then also the
future, what does the future look like
when things don't go the right way? Ooh,
well that's going to be the bottom side.
That's what happens if you don't take
action, right? On the flip side, what
does the future look like if things go
well? Right? So we can play it out
today, but also play it out tomorrow.
And this gives you unlimited different
angles to make the meat of your ad more
compelling. And then the third thing is
obviously the call to action which you
want it to be as clear as humanly
possible and tell them exactly what you
want them to do and what will happen
next. It's a key point that a lot of
people miss. Not only do you want to say
it, you want it to be demonstrated in
the ad. So if I want someone to go to
the next page, when I say go to the next
page, I want the go to the next page to
be visible because that way what happens
is you have congruence. So and that has
a couple levels of persuasion there. So
number one in terms of congruence is
people say okay I have set my
expectations and they click and then
their expectations are met and then what
do you know? you have way fewer people
who bounce off the page because the page
looks exactly like I expected it to. Now
what else happens? The person who
actually made the recommendation, who
made the suggestion to go to the page
also increases in influence because when
you say something's going to happen and
then it happens, the person consciously
or subconsciously doesn't matter.
Science works either way. They will
believe the next thing you predict with
greater certainty. And so wouldn't you
want people to be like, man, when that
guy says something's gonna happen,
that's what happens. that precedes or
plants the seed for the sale that will
inevitably come down the road. Now, once
we have our ads, so now we're getting
we're getting eyeballs, right? People
are seeing the ads and then what are
they doing? They're taking an action.
All right, so this is my world's
terrible mouse click. They click on the
ad. I don't know, our little mouse is on
fire, but we're just going to go with
it. All right, the next step in this
process is going to be the opt-in,
right? We want them to give us their
their information for something. and
what are they going to give us the
information for? So, typically it's
going to be a lead magnet of some sort.
Now, people have this big issue with
like ah lead magnets are dead or lead
magnets, you know, are are alive. I'll
tell you this, bad lead magnets are
dead. Good lead magnets certainly are
alive and most lead magnets suck. And
so, it's unsurprising that the vast
majority of people who start to run ads
the first time don't make money because
their ads suck. And the first time you
take a sales call, you probably suck
because you don't know how to take a
sales call. And the first lead magnet
you make will probably suck, too. Now, I
want to give you, in my opinion, the
best lead magnet that I've ever seen in
my whole life. All right? And so, it was
actually in the dating space, and it was
called uh how to know if a girl wants
you to kiss her. Okay? Now, who wouldn't
want to know if a girl wants to wants
you to kiss her, right? And so, the
simple answer to that, and this is the
lead magnet, is try to brush her hair
behind her ear. And if she moves her
head away, then she doesn't want to kiss
you. If she doesn't move her head at all
or moves her head towards your hand,
then she does. Very simple. All right,
but the beauty of this is like, wait, so
that's that could be a lead magnet. Of
course, it could be a lead magnet. We
want to solve the tiniest problem we
possibly can for the prospect and
completely solve it and blow them away.
Now, some people are like, I made this
full course. And there's nothing wrong
with that, to be clear. I've got a whole
bunch of them on my site. The thing is
is there's going to be a certain amount
of information that is required in order
for a customer to make a decision.
Period. Right? I would toss out the idea
of emotional buyer, logical buyer, and
just replace that. And this is how I
think about it as high information and
low information. How much information
does someone need in order to make a
purchasing decision? Some people need
less, some people mean more. But if you
provide more to everyone, you will close
more people overall. And so, a lot of us
are trying to add to straight money. And
there are going to be those people who
will just see an ad, watch a video, and
then buy something. That happens. They
are the minority. They are the crazy
people. And we are grateful for them
because they allow all of the machines
to work. But for the other 97% of
people, they usually need a little bit
more time, a little bit more information
in order to make the decision. And we
have to facilitate that. So there's
going to be two paths that people are
going to selfidentify as we go through
through this to maximize our
monetization of the advertising that we
do to make the most money. Now, the lead
magnet I just explained, which was just
have, you know, have the girl brush her
uh sorry, brush the girl's hair behind
her ear. You can fill it out. So, what
what type of lead magnet is this? So,
what I gave you is a one step to a
multi-step solution. So, most people who
are in the dating space aren't looking
to just get a kiss, right? They're
looking to find more dates. They're
looking to, you know, eventually find a
wife. Uh they're going to have to get
into a relationship. They're going to
maybe get married later. So, there's all
these other problems that are going to
have to happen outside of just figuring
out if a girl wants to kiss you. If I
don't have dates, I don't care. Now,
this is neat, but I still have other
problems I need to solve. But if you
accurately solve that problem, because
I'm like, I can understand why that
would work. Then what do you think I'm
gonna do next? I'm gonna believe that
you could probably help me solve my
other problems. So what I just outlined,
you can come in real quick. So this is
page 32 of the leads book, is the
problem solution cycle, right? And
there's many, many problem solution
cycles that exist within a larger goal.
The bigger the goal, the more problem
solutions they have to go through,
right? And so our lead magnitude has to
solve one of these little problem
solutions. So the little teaching the
girl, you know, teaching the guy how to
know if the girl wants to kiss him. It's
not the big loop. It's just one of these
tiny itty bitty loops. That's all it is.
But now I think, well, who helped me
solve that one? I'll bet you he could
help me solve the rest of them. Now,
what type of lead magnet is this? So the
type lead, you could reveal a problem,
which would be like the reason that
you're not getting responses in your DMs
is because of this. So if I show them a
framework for what a DM supposed to be,
I've revealed the problem of why they're
not getting responses. Now, the other
side of this is that I could say, "Hey,
I'm going to give you a free trial of my
dating thing." like this is another type
of lead magnet. Now, this one is
actually step three or type three of
lead magnets, which is I'm giving away
one step of a multi-step process to get
an outcome, right? You're not just
trying to get a girl to kiss you. You
have to get responses and you have to
set up dates and then you have to know
how to talk on the dates. You have to
know how to flirt beforehand and
afterhand and I don't know what
afterhand is, but apparently it's a
thing, right? And so, you got you got
after it and then it's like, how do I do
the second date? How do I do the third
date? What are smooth ways to to uh you
know proposition a woman to whatever you
get my idea. I'll stop there, you know,
fill the rest in with your imagination,
you know, and then propose. There we go.
We just went straight to marriage,
right? The whole thing is there's a lot
of problems that are going to happen in
this process and we don't need to solve
them all. Think about think about a date
a dating person who's like here's how to
go from zero to married, right? Like
that would be a lot. Like we just have
to solve the problem that's in front of
them today. Now, one of the other issues
with the lead magnet is is it made for
the right avatar? And this is a big one
and this like people mess this one up a
lot. All right. And so they're like,
"Okay, well, how to make your first how
to get your first five clients, right? I
have some videos for that." But that's
not my main avatar. Now, I am willing to
help people out who are getting started,
and that's okay. That's why I make those
things. But is it is somebody who's just
getting started my avatar today? No. But
I'm betting on the fact that they will
be years from now. But not because I
want to give something to that person
today. Right? And so if you have a
spectrum of customers that you could
potentially service, you want to make
sure the lead magnet is perfectly fit
for the perfect customer that you want.
And if you haven't gotten clear on the
type of customer you want, then you're
certainly not going to be able to make
the right lead magnet. Now, I have a
free chapter. I think it's called uh you
go acquisition.com. I think it's called
avatar. I think that's what it is. But
if you go your first avatar
acquisition.com or I'm sure you can find
it, but basically if you're not sure how
to pick your avatar, that uh chapter
explains it. It was actually kind of
like a single that I released after the
offers book. I recommend you check it
out. Anyways, now once we have our lead
magnet, we have their information. So,
what is that going to lead to? We're
going to need to lead to something
that's going to sell them, right? Who's
going to warm up the prospect? All
right. And so, this is where we get our
video sales letter. This is a VSSL,
right? It's just a fancy term here.
Fancy fancy. By the way, if you want an
example of a lead magnet, this is one
that we have. So you can check this out.
So $100 million scaling grow map. This
is for business owners, right? So if
you're a business owner, you're trying
to scale, then you're going to be at one
of these 10 stages of scaling. And so
what problem can I solve for you today?
Well, if I can solve the current
constraint in your business and show
where uh this is, by the way, a reveal a
problem type of of lead magnet. So I
reveal the problem and then I also give
you the solution to do this. But the
thing is is if you see this and
sometimes even just being, oh my god,
this is exactly what I'm struggling with
right now. Then it probably increases
the likely that you think, okay, I think
this guy could help me out. Simple as
that. and it provides you more
information to eventually make a
decision. All right, so the lead magnet
sets the stage and attracts the exact
type of prospect that I want to work
with, right? Someone with
qualifications. But now we have to
convert them. All right, and this is
where our video sales letter comes into
play. All right, so the video sales
letter, the video that you have here is
probably one of the highest leveraged
things that you can create in terms of
sales aids, right? Like if you get on if
if a lot of times you're like, man, uh
you know, ads don't work for me. It's
not that ads don't work for you. It's
that you haven't put enough friction in
your process. And again, this is one of
those things everyone's afraid of.
Everyone's afraid of adding steps,
adding friction, adding questions,
adding qualifications, having people
watch things in order to make a
purchasing decision. But I promise you,
if you look at your customers over the
last however long, most of them, almost
all of them will not have immediately
bought something. Most of the times they
will have consumed an hour, 2 hours, 3
hours plus of information from you in
various formats before they decide to go
through this process and ultimately buy.
And so what we want to do is reverse
engineer and facilitate this. Like the
big finding I had when I was in gym
launch was that 78% of customers had had
consumed at least two long form uh
pieces of content. Now I had podcasts, I
had books, I had I had I had a group
that I had kind of the video version of
those podcasts. And so 78% had consumed
at least two. So in thinking about this
I was like okay so my average piece of
long form content at the time was
something the neighborhood of like maybe
17 to 20 minutes. So basically people
had to consume call it an hour right of
information from me in order to to be
willing to book a call and be warm and
potentially buy. And so I was like okay
if that's what it takes why don't I try
and force people to do that to become
somebody who is likely to buy. If that's
what 78% of people do in before buying,
well then why don't I get a 100% of my
people to do the thing that 78% do that
are the ultimate buyers. That's the
idea. So if you're like, okay, VSSL,
what do I put inside this video? I'm
going to walk you through a very simple
frame. There's there's a bunch of
different, you know, versions of VSSLs
that you can run. I'm not going to get
into that today, but people over
complicate this. All right? They want to
make this seem like this big box of
black magic. And I've made so many video
sales letters in my life that I can tell
you there is no big box of magic. Um,
and I'll give you two different
structures that work really well. Okay,
so structure one is actually very
similar to a YouTube video. So you're
going to go the five Ps, which is proof,
promise, pain, plan, picture. Okay, so
what does this mean? It means that I
need to make some promise that they're
going to get from this video. I need to
talk about the pain to demonstrate that
I know where they're at right now. I
need to give them proof that they that
they why they should believe me. And
then I'm going to lay out the plan of
how I'm going to help them solve it. And
then usually I want that to be a visual
so they can understand. Hence the
visual, right? And then after I've done
all of these things and I go through my
plan, right? Duh. Here's my plan. Okay.
After I have this kind of meaty part,
then I'm going to have what I consider
the FAQ section, which is what do people
say when they get on the phone that they
have questions about? I want to put all
of the FAQs, every single one of them,
into this video. I want to h I want to
pre-handle the objections. And a lot of
them are really sensical concerns. How
long you've been doing this? How do I
know this is legit? Answer all of their
concerns in the video. And then finally,
I just call it little proof proof stack
at the end, which you should just put
stories of successful customers, right?
And you can put your CTA here. And then
you put another CTA
here saying, "By the way, uh, this
concludes the video. At the end of this,
it's just going to be a testimonial. You
can watch those if you want." Now, when
you say that, I'll just tell you this
right now. You think that people won't
watch them, people watch all of them.
I'm just letting you know. All right?
So, this is a version of a VSSL that
works great. Another version, um, if you
have something that is more
well-defined, right? So, like if you're,
when I say that, it's like if you if you
sell a service that people, if I went on
the street and said, "Hey, do you know
what an electrician does? Do you know
what HVAC person does?" and somebody
understands that a little bit better,
then I spend less time on this and I
just go five W's, right? Which is, you
know, who, what, where, when, why, and
then I'll still have my FAQs, still have
my proof stack, and still have my CTAs.
This is basically two different versions
of the meat. And guess what? Both have
worked. But I thought there's this big
box box of magic. All we're doing is
answering all the questions that someone
might reasonably have before making a
purchasing decision so that when we get
on the phone with them, we can just help
them make a purchasing decision rather
than having two calls where we're giving
them information before they make a
purchasing decision. So, right now, if
you let's say that you're you run an ad
campaign and you're like, man, it's
taking me like three or four calls to
close somebody. It's because this is the
this is the magic of this. If it's
taking you, you know, two or three
calls, then that tells you that
prospects need two or three hours of
information in order to make a buying
decision. And so, if you're efficient
with it, those three-hour calls can
probably be covered if you are specific
in what the FAQs are and all the
concerns and probably cover it in maybe
45 90 minutes if you're just very
diligent about noting what the questions
are. And I'll give you another pro tip
on this, which is you want the FAQ to be
in their language. So if someone says,
"I'm really busy right now." You want to
have a way to handle, "I'm really busy
right now." Now, they might also say,
"I've got a lot going on." Now, to you
might you might be like, "Uh, cuz a
salesman might think immediately, oh,
well, that's just a timing objection."
And the answer is yes, you're right. But
the thing is is that someone might have
six different ways of saying a timing
objection. And you want to have an FAQ
that covers each of those five or six
ways because if you said that to a
salesman and they said, "I'm really busy
right now." And then you responded with
uh how you would overcome someone
saying, "I've got a lot of, you know,
plate spinning." You would actually have
a slightly different overcome for that
or objection handler. And so we need to
basically say it in their language and
then say the overcome that's appropriate
to each of those things. So yes, that
means you're going to have have to have
an answer for their questions. But this
should hopefully demystify all of the
black voodoo magic around what is in one
of these videos. You're just answering
their questions. That's it. Now, I
always get this question. Should I put
my price in the VSSL or should I not put
my price in the VSSL? The answer is it
depends. All right. Now, the reason I
say this is there are some businesses
where um basically I tend to put price
in in my stuff and that's because I have
more demand than I can handle and I want
to add friction to my process so I can
maximally utilize um you know the the
the sales team, right? Not waste their
time. If I had an an underutilized sales
team, then I'd be probably more willing
to not have the the money qualification
there. I will say this though, the
longer I've been doing business, the
more I just end up putting all the
information up front and everyone's
always afraid of, you know, what if I
what if I tell them, you know, the the
price. It's like they're going to find
out eventually, right? So, I tend to try
and cover as many things before the
sales call as humanly possible. Okay, so
now you've got an ad. They clicked. They
got the free thing. Now they've got the
the video sales letter, which by the
way, pro tip, you can actually put the
the lead magnet inside of the VSSL if
you want to. Uh so you be like, "By the
way, that thing about the girl thing,
I'll tell you that in a second." Then
you get to the first third of your VSSL.
Then you can slice in the lead magnet
and say, "Hey, by the way, this is that
tip." And guess what? I have 28 other
tips that you can follow, which I'll
show you in this video. And then you go
through it, right? Um so you can do
either of those formats. Both of them
work. But now we have to convert these
people. All right? So, I'm going to put
something
here and then something here. Sorry that
my little money that is a phone for
everyone born before you know 2000 or
after 2000. Okay, so what is band? I've
talked about this before so I'm not
going to hit on this a lot but you want
to make sure they have budget authority
need timing. Do they got the money to
spend? They have the ability to make the
decision. Do they need this thing? And
is right now the time they want to buy?
if we can answer those four things and
you do that in the application or if you
have auler right where they're booking a
call you make sure that those are the
questions that are being asked there and
you only and here's the tough part you
actually only take calls with people who
say they have the money to spend they
have the authority to make the decision
they have the need and they're willing
to move forward now how much easier of a
call do you think it is when someone's
gotten value from you they then fully
understand the questions that someone
might ask um around making purchasing
decision from you they say they have the
money the time they need the authority
to do it now you're talking to them. How
likely is it you think you're going to
close them? Way higher than if you
didn't have all that stuff, right?
So, the reason that this process right
here is the most efficient way of of
converting traffic is that it's kind of
like a microwave, right? You take
someone from a cold prospect to a hot
prospect. It's like you can, you know,
you can slow cook it, you can simmer it,
you can kind of bake it over time. I was
like, or you can just nuke that thing.
And so this is basically like nuking a
prospect. How do we how do we just bomb
them with all the because think about
this. If someone's like, I followed you
for a year, right? If someone followed
short form for a year and let's say they
consumed five pieces a week, which would
be a crazy amount. It's 250 shorts.
Well, the average shorts, let's just be
generous here and say it's 30 seconds,
which it isn't. All right. So that would
mean that they've consumed 120 minutes,
about 2 hours. Okay. So, we can have
them consume 120 minutes over a year and
then buy. They've gotten that much
information in order to make a sale or
we can just have them consume all two
hours up front. And so, think about this
like I think a lot about about um sales
processes as a plane taking off. This is
my like this is my Alex's very simple
visual. All right. So, we've got our
plane, right? This here's our plane.
Let's put little wheels on our plane. I
don't know. Just go with it. All right.
Here's my plane. And we got to put a
little the little backwing thing. O,
this is tough. Okay, there's my there's
my terrible plane. All right, the thing
is is could this plane take off on this
runway? No, the plane's too big. So, I
have to increase the size of my runway
to give this plane enough lift to take
off. The size of this runway is the
amount of information that you need to
tell the prospect. And so, if we know
that someone needs two hours to make a
purchasing decision, then what do you
think we've done? They consume a little
bit here. They're going to consume, you
know, maybe 30 to 45 minutes here,
right? And then on the call, what do you
think we're going to get here? Another
hour. And so when we add all this
together, they've gotten about two hours
of information from us, but we did it in
the span of a couple days rather than
over a year, right? And this is why this
is kind of like the the ramrod, the the
fastest way of monetizing uh within a
business. Now, what happens to all the
leads that go through this process and
don't necessarily want to purchase
immediately? The logical people, the
people that actually make sense and
they're not crazy. Okay, so what do we
do with all these people? Well, we want
to put them somewhere that we give them
long-term nurture where we just say,
"Oh, you are just the type of person who
needs more information to make a
decision." No worries. Then I'm just
going to give you more information and
I'm going to do that provide more value
over a longer period of time. And so
that's where things like having a school
group where you just dump all the extra
leads into. And you keep making content
there and you answer their questions
there until eventually they're like,
"Hey, I do actually want to take some
action on this." And then boom, you send
them, you run them through the process,
you microwave them again, you reheat
them, right? And then boom, you make the
sale, right? That's the idea. So, this
long-term nurture, once people go
through that, they're still going to
come right back through the front door
again and then get reheated. These are
the four steps. You make your ads, you
have a banger lead magnet, you have a
VSSL, and then you qualify the person
before the sale. And pro tip, you know,
you know, 4.5 is that for everybody who
doesn't buy, you have to put them in
some sort of either email sequence or
group or both where you continue to
provide value. you continue to basically
answer all these little FAQs that
they've had because maybe they've got
other ones or maybe they just need to
see more approve. Some people just need
more information to make the decision.
That's all it comes down to. And when
you do that and you provide as much
information as possible, you convert a
way higher percentage of the audience.
So, let me give you the the massive pro
tip, the thing that took me way too long
to understand. What do you think a brand
is? We're giving someone tons of
information over a long period of time
about who who we are, what we're about,
our way of doing things. And so the
reason that brands grow significantly
bigger than the people who just do this,
like if you just do this, you're going
to be able to make some money, but you
will quickly cap. You'll be able to make
money, but you will cap. To build the
brand, we have to have this thing be
enormous. And then this thing ends up
being our eyeballs at the front of this
so that we have this enormous audience
of people that have gotten value from us
day in and day out for an extended
period of time. That is then what over
time if you it's like I think about it
like this. It's like you've got this
this this pyramid of people who are
interested in your stuff, right? And
this is as they you know get more
information, right? They move up the
pyramid. And so all we're going to do is
we're going to have these people are the
ones who give us money and all these
people aren't going to do anything.
They're just going to get they're just
going to be like, man, this guy's great
or this gal is great, right? So if we
want to grow this this this little this
little slice here, what do we do? Grow
the bottom. We grow the base. And this
fundamentally is what growing a brand is
about. You're growing the base so that
the top of the pyramid is way bigger
than over here where you have to try and
take someone up the elevator using the
four-step process that I just walked
through. So, that is my blueprint for
unlocking your business's maximum
monetization potential. And if you want
to understand this even more in depth,
uh, then you'll love this video where I
actually do a full live breakdown of a
business owner's funnel. Enjoy.